the UN Security Council has rejected a
Russian drafted resolution calling for a
humanitarian ceasefire between Israel
and Hamas it was one of two draft
resolutions before the council gandoo
reports from the UN headquarters in New
York Security Council Members agree on
the necessity of ending the humanitarian
crisis in Gaza but deep divisions remain
on exactly how to do that the key part
of the Russian draft resolution was an
immed iate ceasefire it was supported by
China UAE gabone and mosm Beek the
Russian Ambassador said the fact their
resolution was voted down was a blow to
humanitarian
efforts we're talking about the most
serious explosion of violence over the
past decades today the entire world
waited with baited breath for the
security Council to take steps in order
to put an end to the bloodletting but
delegations of the Western countries
have basically stomped on those
expectations those against the US UK
France and Japan voted against the
resolution the US said Russia failing to
condemn Hamas is the reason why Russia's
resolution put forward without any
consultations make no mention of Hamas
none by failing to condemn Hamas
Russia's giving cover to a terrorist
group that brutalizes innocent civilians
it is outrageous it is hypocritical and
it is
indefensible there is now disunity on
the security Council but there is a path
forward Brazil has put up its own draft
resolution and it does call out Hamas
but instead of calling for a ceasefire
calls for a humanitarian pause that
draft resolution by the Brazilians will
be voted upon here at the security
Council on Tuesday but already the
Russian Ambassador says he has deep
reservations about it Gabriel oando Al
jaaz at the United Nations